beta-0.4.0 changes (#798)
ROCm/roc-optiq: docs/how-to/customize-views.rst

Reviewer: Remove "display" in "Change display settings"

Reviewer: update to (remove "display"):
You can adjust the settings in your ROCm Compute Profiler and ROCm Systems Profiler projects.

Reviewer: Also remove "display"
Select **Edit** > **Preferences** to adjust these global settings for ROCm Optiq from the **Settings** menu

Reviewer: Add this content after "- The time unit settings displayed on the **Timeline View**"

- The hotkey settings provide configurable keyboard shortcuts with conflict prevention, safe rebinding rules, and consistent modifier handling to enable reliable, efficient keyboard-driven workflows.

<img width="975" height="702" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e5be5340-a747-4146-bb62-4dd2da88a2d6" />

Reviewer: @mattwill-amd I just found out that the team has a change in coloring method for event tracks.

For event tracks, you can toggle between **Color by Name**, **Color by Time Level**, **No Color** and **Compact mode**.
- **Color by Name**, **Color by Time Level**, **No Color**: Change the coloring method used to color the events.
- **Compact Mode**: Shrink the event heights so that tall flame graphs can be displayed in a smaller area.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Customize projects for ROCm Systems Profiler traces
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Selecting this sets a time-range filter with boundaries at the event's start and end times, or at the first start time and last end time if multiple events are selected. 
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **Highlight Y Range**: Select an area of the graph to highlight. Choose the minimum and maximum range that you want to highlight. The tool highlights these values on the track region.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the **Flow** buttons on the toolbar to show and hide flow information on the :ref:`timeline`, or change the flow display mode from Render (fan) to Chain mode. 
```

.. |reset| image:: ../images/reset.png
.. |make| image:: ../images/make-selection.png
.. |remove| image:: ../images/remove-time.png
.. |plus| image:: ../images/plus.png
.. |recall| image:: ../images/recall.png
.. |overwrite| image:: ../images/overwrite.png
.. |delete| image:: ../images/delete.png

You can customize display settings, filters, bookmarks, and more in your ROCm Optiq projects.

.. _change-settings:

Change settings
===============

You can adjust the settings in your ROCm Compute Profiler and ROCm Systems Profiler projects.

Select **Edit** > **Preferences** to adjust these global settings for ROCm Optiq from the **Settings** menu: 

- The application theme display (Light or Dark mode).
- The font scaling: automatic based on the display DPI, or customized using the font size control:

  .. image:: ../images/settings.png
     :width: 600

- The time unit settings displayed on the **Timeline View**:

  .. image:: ../images/units.png
     :width: 600

- The hotkey settings provide configurable keyboard shortcuts with conflict prevention, safe rebinding rules, and consistent modifier handling to enable reliable, efficient keyboard-driven workflows:

> 

Reviewer 3: Just write:
"The hotkey settings allow keyboard shortcuts to be redefined."    ?

The current sentence sounds very AI generated.

Author: Done

.. image:: ../images/track-gear.png
   :width: 600

- For event tracks, you can toggle between **Color by name**, **Color by Time Level**, **No Color**, and **Compact mode**.

  - **Color by name**, **Color by Time Level**, and **No Color***: Change the coloring method used to color the events.

>   - **Compact Mode**: Shrink the event heights so that tall flame graphs can be displayed in a smaller area.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **Compact Mode**: Shrink event heights to display tall flame graphs in a smaller area.
```

Persist the customizations made to tracks, bookmarks, and annotations by saving the session as a project  (``.rpv`` file). 

- Select **File** > **Save As** to create a new project.
- Select **File** > **Save** to overwrite the currently opened project.

> Data Cleanup in a project file 

Reviewer: make sure the "Data cleanup..." has the same heading style/level with "save a project file". They are both in "Customize ROCm Optiq projects for ROCm Systems Profiler traces" as they are applicable to ROCm Systems profiler traces only.

------------------------------

You can remove metadata added by ROCm Optiq during processing trace data by selecting **File > Database > Full Cleanup**.

> 

Reviewer: add screenshot

<img width="452" height="353" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f21cebae-be37-4212-ba46-714fdbd684f3" />

> 

Reviewer: make a new section, this is customization that is applicable to ROCm Compute Profiler Analysis Data only.

### Customize ROCm Optiq projects for ROCm Compute Profiler Analysis Data.
### Presets
Persist the pinned metric configurations for the Table View and Baseline Comparison by saving them as a preset. To do this, go to **Presets** > input a preset name into **New Preset Name** > <img width="39" height="32" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/316b1903-09d9-47dd-b233-959fde9c87d9" />.
 
<img width="427" height="254" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e29f1d46-92f7-4429-8eba-842d7b59f0d3" />

Once a preset is saved you can:
•	Recall it by clicking <img width="25" height="20" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d04ccc8b-8d2e-4a9b-82dd-2b940bfe17ac" />  appearing in the preset’s row.
•	Overwrite it by clicking  <img width="23" height="20" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/693585c5-6715-4df0-8d3d-b3da62c779e0" />.

•	Delete it by clicking  <img width="19" height="23" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d91982a9-4c32-4a6b-8698-34f5a2031fdb" />.

Persist the customizations made to tracks, bookmarks, and annotations by saving the session as a project  (``.rpv`` file). 

- Select **File** > **Save As** to create a new project.
- Select **File** > **Save** to overwrite the currently opened project.

> Data Cleanup in a project file 

Reviewer 3: Not a project file, this should say something like:

Remove Optiq specific metadata from the open trace file.

Author: Done

------------------------------

You can remove metadata added by ROCm Optiq during processing trace data by selecting **File > Database > Full Cleanup**.

.. image:: ../images/cleanup.png
   :width: 300

> Customize ROCm Optiq projects for ROCm Compute Profiler Analysis Data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Customize projects for ROCm Compute Profiler Analysis Data
```

=====================================================================

.. _presets:

Presets
-------

Persist the pinned metric configurations for the Table View and Baseline Comparison by saving them as a preset. To do this, go to **Presets**, enter a preset name into the **New Preset Name** field, then click |plus|.

.. image:: ../images/presets.png
   :width: 300

> After a preset is saved you can:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
After a preset is saved, you can:
```
